Working on things that matter. Beyond me. To us all. 

I've spent most of my life thinking of ideas. I think im very good at it. The problem i find is not in getting the ideas, but in giving them the time and space they need to grow. Respeciting them. Analyzing them, and reletesly persuing them. What Edison? called transpiration, the 99%.

How so can i turn ideas into action. 

Sharing them is a way, but for ideas to happen they need to be embodied. A tweet, a blog, a Research paper, a Demo (douglas engelbart), or a product. The people might not be the same, but the higher you climb the more you get to define the idea. 

Choosing the ladder, to climb is hard. I've always had a hard time comiting, i probably spend more time second guessing myself, than anything else i do. When i dont it bliss. I have two kids with and have been in a relationship with the same amazing woman for the last 10 years but im not married. So you see commitment is an issue for me. But at the same time i can be increbibly spontaneuos. I dont know how those two things connect, maybe they dont and thats whats hard. 

What matters? Everything matters. Nothing matters. Both statments are probably true. The real question is what matters to you. Thats something you can figure out, and work on. If it matters to you, if it trully matters, thats all you need to know to go and make it happen. Then the 99% will not matter. 

Conviction and perseverance. Thinking about the question to the answer to the questions. 2-3 year old master this skill. They will break down anything no matter how small or insignificant, to why can i eat sweets tonight, or why is papa late to a fundametnal question about humniatity, the universe and the meaning of life. You dont need to go that far, but what you do need to do is disect an idea, most imporatnly, and i really mean this, dissect your solution to an idea. We really think about solutions not so much about problems, so we get equially excited about a solution to more esilyy charing our iphone than to a fundamental shift in the way we consume enrgy becuase they solve a problem and you genralyl tend to go to the probelm you feel most pain with i.e. charing your iphone because you feel it more. The trick is in disseting the problem and then seeing what matters most to you. So we think about solutions. When you think about solultion, write them down, ride that wave, have fun with it. But once the buzz fades away. Take time to analyze the problem you were solving, trust me this is hard, your solution might have more to do with you than with an actual problem or it might solve the problem in a really specific way that limits its use. What you relaly find when you have an idea is identify a problem. So get good at disecting the problem. And if you find a problem that trully matter to you, focus on it. The problme, not the solution that lead you too it. Forget about the soluition, use the same ingenuity that got you to come up with the solution to come up with many many soltions to the problem in many ways, in ways that might not beneift you at all. 

When a client aproached me with a problem, if i find it interesting, which becuase of my nature i usaly do. I dig into it have some ideas on how to solve it alsmost always end up finding some other things that is better, and end up recomingin that instead. And sometimes that is it , my work is done, and i did not have to do much work at all. But more often than not, by having found and been open to the 'competiton' (which i dont think it is, you are solveing the same problem if anyting you are parnersn out to solve the smae mission), you come up with an even better solution at imporves upon the solution you thoughth was good enought in ways they could not have done before. 

So break down your ideas into problems, if the problem tryly matter, break it down to solutions. And talk to people, lots of people.Not any kind of people, but experts in the areas that can solve the problem, experts in the peicees of your solutions. IF your solution involves chemetry talk to the best chemist you can find, the best chemcist you can find that you can get excited. And be ready to get rejected, people are busys and locked on their things. If you tryly belive in it let that drive you. Talk to popele with the problem, verify the problem, and open the mind to how the solutions truns that problem into somethign positive.


Rounds.

Rounds is not a cure. Rounds is not a service. Rounds is not watinig. Rounds should not exist. Sadly it needs to. Roungs mission is to become irelevant, through our work we hope to insiper other to do the things that will make life with diebates easier today.

Rounds is about unfifing diabtes, today. The way we can using the tools availbale to us today. By us a mean us patietns, not people in a reasreach lab or a clibcal trial. Our goal is to iterate on products on the market, tweak them adapt them and mash them in the ways we can that are safe and usefull to people living with type 1 diabtes. Its simple things, with big imacts. That can help people today in deep but unforseen ways while inpiring the showing the industry the way forward with dealing with designing for life not clinical use in their products.  

Diabtes is hard in many suprising ways. You'd think pricking your finger multipme times a day would be a top concern. Its not. You'd think injecting insulin with a needble multple time a day you be a top concern. Its not. You'd think dealing with low blood sugar would be the worst thing about diabtes. Its not. The hardest things about it tis keeping track of it and the things you need to do for it. Finding the tools to do it. Making sense of it and learinign what it is. And fighting deperessiona dn keeping on. Removing reasons to give up, making it simple to stick to it. 

Rounds is about logistics of diabtes, and its about makign sense and learning about the disease. Not treating and scrambiling, but being an understanding.

1. We need to keep track of a lot of things. Lets keep track of one thing. Lets put those things together.

Its simple actually. We need: Measure our blood sugar, and take insulin or fast acting carbs. Lets make sure we have the things we need to do the basics with us all the time. That alone will solve 90% of the problems. It wont make diabetes suck any less. But you will have the tools you need when you need them to treat it. We are lucky to have been diagnosed and to have a treatment to lets carry our pills with us and actaully use them.

v0. we are not wainting vesrions that rounds will do is and agreaagtor for all these things. Starting with an insulin pump, becuase an insulin pump has this very convenient property that it is attached to you, so you dont get to forget it. At least its hard to forget. Snap an snapped all in one blodo glucose meter with and insulin pump and a vial for sugar in one as nice as can be belt clip. Thats it. 
Yes ideally things wuold all be together, but we better than most know that we dont live in an ideal world. The meter would be part of the pump and the lancing device and strip vial would be atached to it, or part of it. 

There would be one thing to look at to see if you are good to go out of you need to re boot. 

Cannulas and insertions sites fail so a needle to inject insulin manually would be ideal. You would pull the insulin of you pump cartige and use it. 

Keep a number at all times that can be there for you with the things you need. Im not talking about 911, alghought it mgiht come it handy, never needed it myself. 

GEtting insulin and strips can be hard to keep them in one place, and always order in time for more to arrive. Use any service you can, if you can find a pharmacy that devlicers use that and schdule it to come automatically. A simple things rounds can do is build a storage unit for you diabetes things, with a order now button. NFC tags and bitly links to hwo to order the device.

Learnign about diabtetes is hard there are many things we need to do, but like anytihgn we can always be better at learinign therse thinkgs and the more we know the more empowereed we are the better equiped we will be to deal with it. 

When you are low Sugar is medicine. 

Take your medicine, and take it now. Dont wait becuase its not convenient, its never not a good time to stop and take sugar. And dont treat it as a time for a treat, becuase we humans crave fats combined with sugars, and you just need sugar. So take your sugar. Feel better. And then go ahead and inulige your self with whatever you want takign the insuling you guestimated you need for it. Trust me you will enjoy it much more. 

Blood tests every 3 months for the rest fo you life! Right!

A1C are awesome, its one number, for somebody you only has 15 minutes to spend on you in a year secing one number is great. Its also great for you so make sure you get that number. But dont hang on it. Rememebr whats hard about idabetes is keeping up with it, so the number i would look into would be around engament and depression, utlimtslate we want to optimze for life not diabtes. So make sure you are not stressing out about it, enjoy life, and know that becuase you have diatebes, part of enjoying life is living responsibly with daiebtes. Freedom comes at a cost, the greater the freedom the greater the reposinifliby. Seeing that you kept up with it while numbers where bad is much more powerfull and positive that being chronically depressed with good numbers. 

Have your medicine with you. 
Learn about diabetes, from what you experience. Reflect and learn. Meet others. 
Get your checkups. We know waht to look for. 
Live life. Dont worry. Be happy. 

Have your medicine with you. Learn. Live life. Dont worry. Be happy. 

Diabetes and life are one. Talking about diabtes without talkign about life does not work. Diabetes is part of your life, learn to love it. And you can be angry at somebody but still love it (pricure of old coulple angry at each other but old man giving umbralle to wife instead of him.) Its like trying to learn how to bake a cake with learing the chemistry behind baking (horrible analogy)

Be happy is a real thing. Being happy will be conected to you diabetes. We are luck like that, we have a 6th sense. The how is my body sense, and like superman it took traing to control it and live with it. We 
Have your medicine with you. Learn. Live life. Dont worry. Be happy. 

Use the tools availbale to you. You do get to choose quite a bit. Choose a good lancing device. choose a good meter, mix and match them. Be willign to change dont get stuck in one brand becuae you like the color or feel. You like it becuase you used it so much, small imporvment when you stack them up make a big difference so be on top. Use a cgm as a tool to learn they are incredibly powerfull, let the cgm empower you to learn. Mysugr did an amazing job and will always love them, they did learing and getting thinkgs together all into one. Thats ideal, getting thinkgs together and learning shouuld be connected. Every time i take my bood sugar its an optunity to learn, but i also only have 5 seconds with it, and want to move on. So right feedback at the right time. Give me some context when testing on past values like mysugr does, help me act of the reading, by recominding a treatment or setting helpfull reminders. Dont make me use another device, give the the information where i need, it. Use continuty, transition from one medium to another, phone to meter, meter to phone, pump to meter, .... and all permutations of these. 

15 minteus. 

15g and keep calm.

timers, we them. 15 min, 1h , 2h, 4h tests are imporatn. When you are movtivated to remind yourself act on that and set the reminder. you wont regreat it. Snap a pic or note, with a reminder. 

See past numbers, snap a pic if you chose too. Bluetooth data comes in. Show it in a graph. Choose carbs, get remconeded dose. 


So the cell culture app for measuring diameter in petri dish. 